<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
	<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml;charset=utf-8" />
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
	<title>Automation Engineering</title>
	<meta name="generator" content="Org Mode" />
	<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
	<link rel="canonical" href="https://bandisast.eu/autom-ihu" />
	<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="favicon.png" />
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" media="screen" />
	<meta http-equiv="Content-Security-Policy" content="default-src 'self'" />
	<meta name="author" content="Aster Bandis" />
	<meta name="theme-color" content="#0d1c30" />
	<link rel="license" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/" />
	<meta name="og:site_name" content="Aster's Space" />
	<meta name="og:title" content="Automation Engineering" />
	<meta name="og:type" content="website" />
	<meta name="og:url" content="https://bandisast.eu/autom-ihu" />
	<meta name="og:image" content="/files/images/rgb.png" />
	<meta name="og:description" content="A page with information regarding my pregraduate degree" />
</head>

<body>
	<div class="header navbar">
		<h1>&gt;Aster's space</h1>
		<div class="menu">
			<a href="./">Home</a>
			<a href="about">About</a>
			<a href="cv">Curriculum Vitae</a>
			<a href="projects">Projects</a>
			<a href="posts">Posts</a>
			<a href="el/">Ελληνικά</a>
			<a href="pl/">Polski</a>
		</div>
	</div>
	<div class="main">
		<div class="header">
			<h2>Automation Engineering</h2>
			<span class="category-shortcut">
				<a href="#semester-1" class="category-shortcut">Semester 1</a>
				<a href="#semester-2" class="category-shortcut">Semester 2</a>
				<a href="#semester-3" class="category-shortcut">Semester 3</a>
				<a href="#semester-4" class="category-shortcut">Semester 4</a>
				<a href="#semester-5" class="category-shortcut">Semester 5</a>
				<a href="#semester-6" class="category-shortcut">Semester 6</a>
				<a href="#semester-7" class="category-shortcut">Semester 7</a>
				<a href="#semester-8" class="category-shortcut">Semester 8</a>
			</span>
		</div>
		<br />
		<div>
			<p>
				The <a href="https://www.teithe.gr">Alexander Technological Educational Institute of
					Thessaloniki</a> was originally founded in 1970 and officially opened in 1974. In 1983, TEIs
				were officially established as part of Greece's system of tertiary education. In 2001, due to
				the <a
					href="https://education.ec.europa.eu/education-levels/higher-education/inclusive-and-connected-higher-education/bologna-process">Bologna
					Process</a>, degrees from TEIs were recognized as equivalent to those from "standard"
				universities. In practice, the main difference between a TEI and a "standard" university is that
				the former is more focused on applied knowledge, while the latter is more focused on theoretical
				knowledge. In other countries, similar institutions are called polytechnics.
				<br />
				<br />
				The <a href="http://www.autom.teithe.gr">Department of Automation Engineering</a> was
				established in 1989, with its main fields of study being Automation, Control Systems, and
				Systems Engineering. Upon completing their studies, the department's graduates are legally
				recognised as Automation Engineers and are awarded a Bachelor's degree in Automation Engineering
				(EQF level 6). This degree can be recognised across the European Union (and other countries),
				according to the European Qualifications Framework.
				<br />
				<br />
				In 2019, the <a href="https://www.ihu.gr/ucips/">International Hellenic University</a> was
				merged with the <a href="https://www.teithe.gr">Alexander TEI of Thessaloniki</a>, the <a
					href="http://www.teiscm.gr/">TEI of Central Macedonia</a>, and the <a
					href="http://www.teikav.edu.gr/">TEI of Eastern Macedonia and Thrace</a>. During this
				process, the Department of Automation Engineering was merged with the <a
					href="http://vt.teithe.gr">Department of Automotive Engineering</a> into the "<a
					href="http://iem.ihu.gr/">Department of Industrial Engineering &amp; Management</a>". The
				previous two departments (Automation Engineering and Automative Engineering) will remain in
				hybrid operation until all current students have completed their studies (i.e. until 2027). In
				practice, this means that the old curricula were matched with the new curriculum so that every
				old course had a corresponding unit (with approximately the same material) in the new
				department.
				<br />
				The following is a list of the courses I took during my pregraduate degree in Automation
				Engineering at the <a href="https://www.ihu.gr/">International Hellenic University</a> and the
				<a href="https://www.teithe.gr">Alexander TEI of Thessaloniki</a>. The coursework amounts to a
				total of 242 ECTS credits.
			</p>
			<br />

			<div id="semester-1" class="header small">
				<h3>Semester 1</h3>
			</div>
			<br />
			<div class="unitable">
				<table>
					<tr>
						<th>Automation Eng.</th>
						<th>Industrial Eng. &amp; Management</th>
						<th>ECTS</th>
						<th>Type</th>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Mathematics</td>
						<td>Linear Algebra and Complex Number Theory</td>
						<td>5</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Technical Physics</td>
						<td>Physics</td>
						<td>5</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Computer Programming Ι</td>
						<td>Introduction to Computer Science</td>
						<td>6</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Electrical Circuits I</td>
						<td>Electrical Circuits</td>
						<td>6</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Technical Drawing (CAD)</td>
						<td>Technical Drawing</td>
						<td>5</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Introduction to Economy &amp; Management</td>
						<td>Principles of Economic Theory - Micro/Macro Economics</td>
						<td>3</td>
						<td>Elective</td>
					</tr>
				</table>
			</div>
			<br />
			<div id="semester-2" class="header small">
				<h3>Semester 2</h3>
			</div>
			<br />
			<div class="unitable">
				<table>
					<tr>
						<th>Automation Eng.</th>
						<th>Industrial Eng. &amp; Management</th>
						<th>ECTS</th>
						<th>Type</th>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Applied Mathematics</td>
						<td>Calculus</td>
						<td>5</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Computer Programming II</td>
						<td>Programming for Engineers</td>
						<td>6</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Electronics</td>
						<td>Electrotechnical Materials</td>
						<td>7</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Applied Mechanics</td>
						<td>Statics</td>
						<td>6</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Electrical Circuits II</td>
						<td>Automotive Electrics</td>
						<td>6</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
				</table>
			</div>
			<br />
			<div id="semester-3" class="header small">
				<h3>Semester 3</h3>
			</div>
			<br />
			<div class="unitable">
				<table>
					<tr>
						<th>Automation Eng.</th>
						<th>Industrial Eng. &amp; Management</th>
						<th>ECTS</th>
						<th>Type</th>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Control Systems Ι</td>
						<td>Control Systems Ι</td>
						<td>7</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Automation Electronics</td>
						<td>Electronic Systems</td>
						<td>6</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Digital Systems</td>
						<td>Advanced Digital Systems</td>
						<td>7</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Electric Motors</td>
						<td>Electric Motors and Drives I</td>
						<td>7</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Automation Terminology in English</td>
						<td>English Terminology</td>
						<td>3</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
				</table>
			</div>
			<br />
			<div id="semester-4" class="header small">
				<h3>Semester 4</h3>
			</div>
			<br />
			<div class="unitable">
				<table>
					<tr>
						<th>Automation Eng.</th>
						<th>Industrial Eng. &amp; Management</th>
						<th>ECTS</th>
						<th>Type</th>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Power Electronics</td>
						<td>Electric Motors and Drives II</td>
						<td>6</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Metrology - Organology</td>
						<td>Metrology - Quality Control</td>
						<td>7</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Control Systems ΙΙ</td>
						<td>Control Systems II</td>
						<td>6</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Classical Automation Installations</td>
						<td>Classical Industrial Automation <br /> + <br /> Electrical Installations</td>
						<td>5</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Telecommunication Systems</td>
						<td>Signals, Information And Communication</td>
						<td>6</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
				</table>
			</div>
			<br />
			<div id="semester-5" class="header small">
				<h3>Semester 5</h3>
			</div>
			<br />
			<div class="unitable">
				<table>
					<tr>
						<th>Automation Eng.</th>
						<th>Industrial Eng. &amp; Management</th>
						<th>ECTS</th>
						<th>Type</th>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Industrial Control Systems and Servomotors</td>
						<td>Control Systems III</td>
						<td>7</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Hydraulic and Pneumatic Systems</td>
						<td>Hydraulic and Pneumatic Systems</td>
						<td>5</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Digital Signal Processing</td>
						<td>Transforms and Systems Theory</td>
						<td>7</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Microcomputers</td>
						<td>Microcomputers in Production</td>
						<td>5</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Computer and Industrial Networks</td>
						<td>Wireless Systems and Networks</td>
						<td>6</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
				</table>
			</div>
			<br />
			<div id="semester-6" class="header small">
				<h3>Semester 6</h3>
			</div>
			<br />
			<div class="unitable">
				<table>
					<tr>
						<th>Automation Eng.</th>
						<th>Industrial Eng. &amp; Management</th>
						<th>ECTS</th>
						<th>Type</th>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Digital Control Systems</td>
						<td>Digital Control Systems</td>
						<td>7</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Robotics &amp; Virtual Reality</td>
						<td>Robotics</td>
						<td>6</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>CAD-CAM-CAE</td>
						<td>Methods of Engineering Design Synthesis and CAD-CAM-CAE</td>
						<td>5</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Microcontrollers</td>
						<td>Microcontrollers</td>
						<td>6</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>-</td>
						<td>Embedded Systems</td>
						<td>4</td>
						<td>Elective</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>-</td>
						<td>Nanotechnology</td>
						<td>4</td>
						<td>Elective</td>
					</tr>
				</table>
			</div>
			<br />
			<div id="semester-7" class="header small">
				<h3>Semester 7</h3>
			</div>
			<br />
			<div class="unitable">
				<table>
					<tr>
						<th>Automation Eng.</th>
						<th>Industrial Eng. &amp; Management</th>
						<th>ECTS</th>
						<th>Type</th>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Intelligent Control</td>
						<td>Intelligent Systems</td>
						<td>5</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Programmable Industrial Controllers</td>
						<td>Programmable Controllers and Supervisory Systems</td>
						<td>5</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Elements of Manufacturing Engineering &amp; CNC Machine Tools</td>
						<td>CNC Machining <br /> + <br />Manufacturing Technology</td>
						<td>7</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Process Control</td>
						<td>Process Control</td>
						<td>6</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>SCADA</td>
						<td>Databases and Data Structures</td>
						<td>4</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Sensor design and implementation</td>
						<td>Micro-Electro-Mechanical Systems (MEMS)</td>
						<td>3</td>
						<td>Elective</td>
					</tr>
				</table>
			</div>
			<br />
			<div id="semester-8" class="header small">
				<h3>Semester 8</h3>
			</div>
			<br />
			<div class="unitable">
				<table>
					<tr>
						<th>Automation Eng.</th>
						<th>Industrial Eng. &amp; Management</th>
						<th>ECTS</th>
						<th>Type</th>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Thesis</td>
						<td>Thesis</td>
						<td>20</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Internship</td>
						<td>Internship</td>
						<td>10</td>
						<td>Mandatory</td>
					</tr>
				</table>
			</div>
			<br />
			<br />
			<p>
				I also attended the following courses without actually taking them as part of my degree:
				<br />
				* Reliability Management in the Internet of Things
				<br />
				* Autonomous Systems
				<br />
				* Human Interaction with Mechatronic Systems
			</p>
		</div>


		<br />


		<br />
		<p class="footer">Made with <a href="https://love.holllo.cc/">Love</a>, by bandisast</p>
	</div>
</body>

</html>